Doc update (#105)
ncsu-landscape-dynamics/rpops: README.md

PoPs is a stochastic spread model of pests and pathogens in forest and agricultural landscapes to learn more visit [popsmodel.org](https://popsmodel.org/). The R package provides an easy way for researchers to calibrate, validate, and test what if scenarios of treatment interventions. The model is also available in GRASS GIS you can install and use [r.pops.spread](https://github.com/ncsu-landscape-dynamics/r.pops.spread) to run the model in GRASS GIS.

## Features
The PoPS Core C++ library and its interfaces: rpops R package and r.pops.spread GRASS GIS module. The release of rpops includes:

> * Susceptible-infected (`SI`) and susceptible-exposed-infected (`SEI`) host phases (`model_type`, `latency_period`),

Reviewer: Esp. mentioning `latency_period` is definitevely documentation rather than a basic feature list. With that said, parameters and their values make it more concrete which is partially why I included them in r.pops.spread release notes. (The other part is that in notes for subsequent releases, it makes more sense to be specific and say parameter xy renamed/has new option ab etc.) Additionally, in light of limited documentation, I think it is correct to include these here now.

* Seasonal spread (`seasonality` in months),
* Host movement for animals moving from farm to farm or plants via nursery trade (`use_movements`, `movements_file`),
* Reduced stochasticity options (`generate_stochasticity`, `establishment_stochasticity`, `movement_stochasticity`) and deterministic versions of kernels (`deterministic`) other required parameters if reducing stochasticity are (`dispersal_percentage`, `establishment_probability`),
* Spread rate measurement in 4 cardinal directions (`west_rate`, `east_rate`, `south_rate`, `north_rate`) when (`use_spreadrates`) is true,
* Distance to quarantine in 4 cardinal directions (`north_distance_to_quarantine`, `south_distance_to_quarantine`, `east_distance_to_quarantine`, `west_distance_to_quarantine`) when (`use_quarantine`) is true and (`quarantine_areas_file`) is provided,
* Probability of quarantine escape (`escape_probability`).
* Overpopulation function (individuals in areas of high population leave the area and disperse longer distances on average) (`use_overpopulation`, `overpopulation_percentage`, `leaving_percentage`, `leaving_scale_coefficient`)

> * Flexible output frequency with n number of days, weeks, months, or years as options (`output_frequency`, `output_frequency_n`)

Reviewer: Inconsistent punctuation. I think the commas I used before were actually a bad choice for this list. In this case, lower case and no punctuation is probably best, although starting with upper case is fine too. Alternatively, since some are sentences, maybe pretend all are and start with upper case and end with full stop.

### Functions in rpops
* `calibrate:` Calibration of the model parameters using either MCMC (markov chain monte carlo) or ABC (approximate bayesian computation). 
* `validate:` Validation of the model using quantiy, allocation, and configuration disagreement.

> * `pops_multirun:` Parallel execution of multiple stochastic runs (`number_of_cores` used to set cores used if left NULL defaults to using n - 1 cores on the machine). Outputs statistics of infected/infested hosts across multiple runs (`simulation_mean`,  `single_run`,  `simulation_sd`, `simulation_min`, `simulation_max`), current state using the median (`infected`,  `exposed`, and `susceptible`), Average and standard deviations whole area statistics (`number_infecteds`, `infected_areas`), and probabilty of infection (`probability`) which is the percent of model runs that a cell has at least one infestation/infection.

Reviewer: There was some mixup, the changes got lost:

```suggestion
* `pops_multirun:` Parallel execution of multiple stochastic runs (`number_of_cores` used to set cores used if left NULL defaults to using n - 1 cores on the machine). Outputs statistics of infected/infested hosts across multiple runs (`simulation_mean`,  `single_run`,  `simulation_sd`, `simulation_min`, `simulation_max`), current state using the median (`infected`,  `exposed`, and `susceptible`), average and standard deviations whole area statistics (`number_infecteds`, `infected_areas`), and probability of infection (`probability`) which is the percent of model runs that a cell has at least one infestation/infection.
```

I assume `number_infecteds` is intentional since it is in the source code.

> * `pops_multirun:` Parallel execution of multiple stochastic runs (`number_of_cores` used to set cores used if left NULL defaults to using n - 1 cores on the machine). Outputs statistics of infected/infested hosts across multiple runs (`simulation_mean`,  `single_run`,  `simulation_sd`, `simulation_min`, `simulation_max`), current state using the median (`infected`,  `exposed`, and `susceptible`), Average and standard deviations whole area statistics (`number_infecteds`, `infected_areas`), and probabilty of infection (this is the percent of model runs that a cell has at least one infestation/infection (`probability`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pops_multirun:` Parallel execution of multiple stochastic runs (`number_of_cores` used to set cores used if left NULL defaults to using n - 1 cores on the machine). Outputs statistics of infected/infested hosts across multiple runs (`simulation_mean`,  `single_run`,  `simulation_sd`, `simulation_min`, `simulation_max`), current state using the median (`infected`,  `exposed`, and `susceptible`), average and standard deviations whole area statistics (`number_infecteds`, `infected_areas`), and probability of infection (`probability`) which is the percent of model runs that a cell has at least one infestation/infection.
```

Note the unmatched "(" in the original text in "(this is".
